Rename SAP Cloud Platform to SAP Business Technology Platform (#184)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/getting-started.mdx

The SAP Cloud SDK supports you end-to-end when developing applications that communicate with SAP solutions and services such as SAP S/4HANA Cloud, SAP SuccessFactors, and many others.

> Using the SAP Cloud SDK, you can reduce your effort when developing an application on SAP Business Technology Platform by building on best practices delivered by the SAP Cloud SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the SAP Cloud SDK, you can reduce your effort when developing an application on SAP Business Technology Platform (SAP BTP) by building on best practices delivered by the SAP Cloud SDK.
```

... and afterwards you could use SAP BTP instead, at least for compound names.

#### Cloud Foundry

> - **`manifest.yml`**: The deployment descriptor file for `Cloud Foundry in SAP Business Technology Platform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`manifest.yml`**: The deployment descriptor file for `SAP BTP, Cloud Foundry environment`.
```

### Prerequisites

The Cloud Foundry CLI comes in handy when you want to deploy your application to the SAP Business Technology Platform.
You can find installation instructions for all common platforms in the [`Cloud Foundry documentation`](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/cf-cli/install-go-cli.html).
We recommend using a package manager for that.
If you are using `chocolatey` on Windows, please find the instructions [here](https://chocolatey.org/packages/cloudfoundry-cli).

### Login

:::note
If you don't have an [SAP Business Technology Platform](https://account.hana.ondemand.com/) account you need to create one.
:::

To deploy our application, we first need to login to Cloud Foundry in SAP Business Technology Platform using the `cf` CLI.
First, we need to set an `API endpoint`.
The exact URL of this API endpoint depends on the region your subaccount is in.

> Open the [SAP Business Technology Platform Cockpit](https://account.hana.ondemand.com/) and navigate to the subaccount you are planning to deploy your application to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the [SAP BTP cockpit](https://account.hana.ondemand.com/) and navigate to the subaccount you are planning to deploy your application to.
```

Reviewer: > cockpit as lower case
